# @settings reference

In the [Advanced Editor](../view-editors.md#advanced-editor), the `@settings` block can be used to tweak default settings and add all kinds of powerful features to your view.

The `@settings` block supports all decoration properties listed in the [property reference](property-reference.md), as long as you prefix each property with one of the following:

* `*-` if you want to apply the rule to all items
* `element-` to apply the rule to elements only
* `connection-` to apply the rule to connections only
* `loop-` to apply the rule to loops only

But, `@settings` also supports its own list of exclusive properties. The table below lists all properties that can be used exclusively inside an `@settings` block, describes their effect on the view, and lists valid values for each property (when there are multiple valid values, we've listed them as separate snippets of `inline code`).

There are just few more things you should know about the valid values listed below:

| Where you see... | You can use...                                                                               |
| ---------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `selector`       | Any [selector](../../guides/selectors.md)                                                    |
| `color`          | Any CSS web color or hex color code                                                          |
| `number`         | Any number                                                                                   |
| `'field name'`   | The name of any of your [fields](../../guides/fields.md), wrapped in single or double quotes |
| `element type`   | Any text/string value                                                                        |

All values are unitless.

## Supported properties

<table><thead><tr><th>Property</th><th>Description</th><th>Possible values</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>attenuation</td><td>Determines whether elements and connections maintain their size relative to the background map (available for the Geo template only)</td><td><code>on</code> <code>off</code></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>background-color</td><td>Sets the canvas' background color</td><td><code>color</code></td></tr><tr><td>background-opacity</td><td>Sets the opacity of items outside of a showcased selection</td><td><code>0..1</code></td></tr><tr><td>bridge</td><td>Activates bridging. See the <a href="../../guides/bridge.md">bridge guide</a> for more information.</td><td><code>element-selector</code></td></tr><tr><td>cluster</td><td>Activates clustering. See the <a href="../../guides/clustering.md">cluster guide</a> for more information.</td><td><code>'field name'element-selector by 'field name'element-selector by 'field name' as 'element type'</code></td></tr><tr><td>culling</td><td>Determines whether elements and connections are hidden when the reader zooms in very close</td><td><code>on</code> <code>off</code></td></tr><tr><td>focus</td><td>Activates focus. See the <a href="../../guides/focus.md">focus guide</a> for more information.</td><td><code>selector out number</code></td></tr><tr><td>font-cutoff</td><td>Sets the minimum font size at which labels will display when the map is zoomed out. Set to <code>0</code> to always display labels, regardless of zoom level.</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>foreground-opacity</td><td>Sets the opacity of showcased items</td><td><pre><code>number between 0..1
</code></pre></td></tr><tr><td>geo-location</td><td>Sets the field that will be used to geo-locate elements</td><td><code>'field name'</code></td></tr><tr><td>geo-style</td><td>Sets the style of the geo map</td><td><code>auto</code> <code>streets</code> <code>satellite</code></td></tr><tr><td>ignore</td><td>Ignores a selection. See the <a href="../../guides/filter.md">filter guide</a> for more information.</td><td><code>selector</code></td></tr><tr><td>ignore-orphans</td><td>Hides any orphans (elements that have no connections). See the <a href="../../faq/how-do-i-hide-elements-without-connections.md">ignore orphans guide</a> for more information.</td><td><code>true</code> <code>false</code></td></tr><tr><td>image-cutoff</td><td>Sets the minimum zoom level at which images will display when the map is zoomed out. Set to <code>0</code> to always display images, regardless of zoom level.</td><td><pre><code>number between 0..1
</code></pre></td></tr><tr><td>include</td><td>Includes a selection. See the <a href="../../guides/filter.md">filter guide</a> for more information.</td><td><code>selector</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout</td><td>Sets the layout type</td><td><code>force</code> <code>static</code> <code>scatter</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-bounds-xmax</td><td>Sets a maximum x coordinate that grid and guide lines can extend to</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-bounds-xmin</td><td>Sets a minimum x coordinate that grid and guide lines can extend to</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-bounds-ymax</td><td>Sets a maximum y coordinate that grid and guide lines can extend to</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-bounds-ymin</td><td>Sets a minimum y coordinate that grid and guide lines can extend to</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-gravity</td><td>Sets the gravity for the force-directed layout</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-grid</td><td>Determines whether a grid will be shown</td><td><code>on</code> <code>off</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-grid-color</td><td>Sets the color of the grid</td><td><code>color</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-grid-offset</td><td>Sets the space between grid lines</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-grid-width</td><td>Sets the thickness of grid lines</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-guide-color</td><td>Sets the color of guide lines</td><td><code>color</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-guide-width</td><td>Sets the thickness of guide lines</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-guides</td><td>Sets the x or y coordinate for each guide line, or the origin and radius of a circle</td><td><code>x(number)y(number)circle(x, y, r)circle(r)</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-particle-charge</td><td>Sets the particle charge for the force-directed layout</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-preset</td><td>Chooses a preset version of the force-directed layout</td><td><code>auto</code> <code>dense</code> <code>hairball</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-spring-length</td><td>Sets the spring length for the force-directed layout</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-spring-strength</td><td>Sets the spring strength for the force-directed layout</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-x</td><td>Sets the field used to determine elements' x coordinate in the scatter layout</td><td><code>'field name'</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-x-multiplier</td><td>Sets a number that will be multiplied by each elements <code>layout-x</code> field to determine their final x coordinate</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-y</td><td>Sets the field used to determine elements' x coordinate in the scatter layout</td><td><code>'field name'</code></td></tr><tr><td>layout-y-multiplier</td><td>Sets a number that will be multiplied by each elements <code>layout-y</code> field to determine their final y coordinate</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>notification-color</td><td>Sets the color of asterisks created by <a href="../../guides/issues.html">Issues</a></td><td><code>color</code></td></tr><tr><td>profile</td><td>Controls whether or not profiles can be opened</td><td><code>on</code> <code>off</code></td></tr><tr><td>quality</td><td>Sets the render quality</td><td><code>fast</code> <code>best</code></td></tr><tr><td>radar</td><td>Determines whether a radar will be shown</td><td><code>on</code> <code>off</code></td></tr><tr><td>radar-axes</td><td>Sets the labels for radar axes</td><td><code>Axis 1, Axis 2, Axis 3...</code></td></tr><tr><td>radar-font-color</td><td>Sets the color of radar labels</td><td><code>color</code></td></tr><tr><td>radar-font-family</td><td>Sets the font family of radar labels</td><td><code>family-namegeneric-family</code></td></tr><tr><td>radar-font-size</td><td>Sets the font size for radar labels</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>radar-ring-color</td><td>Sets the color between radar rings</td><td><code>color</code></td></tr><tr><td>radar-ring-opacity</td><td>Sets the opacity of radar rings</td><td><code>0..1</code></td></tr><tr><td>radar-ring-size</td><td>Sets the distance between radar rings</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>radar-ring-size-inner</td><td>Sets the radius of the inner radar ring</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>radar-rings</td><td>Sets the labels for radar rings</td><td><code>Ring 1, Ring 2, Ring 3...</code></td></tr><tr><td>renderer</td><td>Chooses which rendered will be used</td><td><code>canvaswebgl</code></td></tr><tr><td>scale-max</td><td>Sets the maximum allowed zoom level</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>scale-min</td><td>Sets the minimum allowed zoom level</td><td><code>number</code></td></tr><tr><td>selection-color</td><td>Sets the color of the ring that appears around selected elements</td><td><code>color</code></td></tr><tr><td>showcase</td><td>Activates showcase. See the <a href="../../guides/showcase.html#customize-showcase-settings-in-the-advanced-editor">showcase guide</a> for more information.</td><td><code>selector</code></td></tr><tr><td>template</td><td>Chooses a template</td><td><code>causal-loopcustomgeosnastakeholderstock-and-flowsystemssystems-leverage</code></td></tr><tr><td>theme</td><td>Sets the view's overall theme</td><td><code>light</code> <code>dark</code></td></tr></tbody></table>
